Judging Criteria
Innovation - 10%

Guiding Points:

Does the team’s project align to the hackathon track?
How innovative is the solution? Does this exist cross-chain?
Has something like this been seen before in the Hedera ecosystem?
Does this extend, or establish new, capabilities for the Hedera ecosystem?


Feasibility - 10%

Guiding Points:

Can the proposed idea be created using Hedera network services or ecosystem platforms?
Does this need to be a Web3 solution? Or could it be done already on Web2?
Does the team understand the problem space / domain that they’re solving?
Does the team understand what’s required to execute the solution, and have the capability to do so?
Did the team create, and understand, a Lean / Business Model Canvas to illustrate the business model intended to be used as part of the solution being created?


Execution - 20%

Guiding Points:

Were the team able to create a MVP for their solution?
Did the team deliver a Proof of Concept (PoC) with a limited, but important, set of features?
Did the team create a fully functioning solution?
Did the team function well together and work to each other’s strengths? Was there effective leadership within the team?
Did the team establish a strategy and long-term plan for the development of the solution beyond the hackathon?
Did the team identify a Go-To-Market (GTM) strategy for the solution?
Did the team identify where they could use market feedback cycles to improve the solution / idea?
Did the team identify important design decisions they made?
Did the team have a good emphasis on user experience/accessibility?


Integration - 15%

Guiding Points:

To what degree does the project use the Hedera network?
How integrated is it? What services are used?
Are any of our ecosystem platforms being used, or leveraged?
Is a Hedera service being integrated in a way it hasn’t been seen before? (creativity)


Success - 20%

Guiding Points:

Does the solution positively impact the Hedera network or ecosystem?
Does the solution lead to more Hedera accounts being created?
Does the solution give rise to a high number of monthly active Hedera accounts?
Does the solution lead to greater TPS on the Hedera network?
Does the solution give the Hedera network exposure to a greater audience?


Validation - 15%

Guiding Points:

Did the team identify where to gain market feedback? e.g. ask users / customers, partners, practitioners, subject matter experts (SMEs) etc.
Did the team establish one or more market feedback cycles? e.g. Following up with users that tried the product to ask for feedback, or a review?
What traction with the market have the team achieved?
Onboarded early adopters | Free / Paid trials? | Taken any revenue? | What is the market sentiment? | What is the growth / churn rate?


Pitch - 10%

Guiding Points:

Are the problem and solution presented clearly?
Is the problem big enough for sustained growth?
Is the style and narrative of the pitch well thought out & executed?
Were the team able to convey a significant & exciting opportunity?
Did the number / metrics of the solution make sense?
How was Hedera represented in the pitch?
Were suitable responses to questions given?
Do they clearly state their MVP’s features & why they chose those / them?


